Yuriy Kopiyka Zadania domowe:
1. a) 15 pln in euro
	b) manchester united last 5 games
	c) nelson mandela birth and death
2. 

1. संघ का नाम और राज्यक्षेत्र--(1) भारत, अर्थात्‌ इंडिया, राज्यों का संघ होगा।
1[ (2) राज्य और उनके राज्यक्षेत्र वे होंगे जो पहली अनुसूची में विनिर्दिष्ट हैं।
(3) भारत के राज्यक्षेत्र में,
(क) राज्यों के राज्यक्षेत्र,
2[(ख) पहली अनुसूची में विनिर्दिष्ट संघ राज्यक्षेत्र, और
(ग) ऐसे अन्य राज्यक्षेत्र जो अर्जित किए जाएँ, समाविष्ट होंगे।

2. नए राज्यों का प्रवेश या स्थापना--संसद, विधि द्वारा, ऐसे निबंधनों और शर्तों पर, जो वह ठीक समझे, संघ में नए राज्यों का प्रवेश या उनकी स्थापना कर सकेगी।
32क. [सिक्किम का संघ के साथ सहयुक्त किया जाना। --संविधान (छत्तीसवाँ संशोधन) अधिनियम, 1975 की धारा 5 द्वारा (26-4-1975 से) निरसित।

3. नए राज्यों का निर्माण और वर्तमान राज्यों के क्षेत्रों, सीमाओं या नामों में परिवर्तन--संसद, विधि द्वारा--
(क) किसी राज्य में से उसका राज्यक्षेत्र अलग करके अथवा दो या अधिक राज्यों को या राज्यों के भागों को मिलाकर अथवा किसी राज्यक्षेत्र को किसी राज्य के भाग के साथ मिलाकर नए राज्य का निर्माण कर सकेगी;
(ख) किसी राज्य का क्षेत्र बढ़ा सकेगी;
(ग) किसी राज्य का क्षेत्र घटा सकेगी;
(घ) किसी राज्य की सीमाओं में परिवर्तन कर सकेगी;
(ङ) किसी राज्य के नाम में परिवर्तन कर सकेगी:

1. Name and territory of the Union - (1) India, i.e. India, will be a union of states.
1 [(2) States and their territories shall be those which are specified in the first schedule.
(3) In the territory of India,
(A) the territories of states,
2 [(b) the union territory specified in the first schedule, and
(C) Other such territories which will be earned include.

2. Admission or establishment of new states - Parliament may, by law, enter or enter new states in the Union on such terms and conditions as it thinks fit.
32a [Sikkim's association with the union. - Rep. From Section 5 of the Constitution (Sixth Amendment) Act, 1975 (from 26-4-1975) Rep.

3. The creation of new states and changes in the areas, boundaries or names of the current states - by Parliament, by law--
(A) By separating its territory from any state or combining two or more states or parts of the states or any region with any part of any state, it will be able to create a new state;
(B) increase the territory of a state;
(C) reduce the area of ​​a state;
(D) make changes in the boundaries of a state;
(E) Change the name of a state:

3. 
	a) Rafał Jaworski site:wmi.amu.edu.pl
	b) related:https://amu.edu.pl/ amu.edu.pl
4. https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ehFgAC2pdHrxRA1sFuawCxYxZjHid7I_
